---
title: Characters and products
author: Sandra Perez
date: 2022-02-15
layout: post
---

* **Characters**
  * **Urška Sršen**: Bellabeat’s cofounder and Chief Creative Officer
  * **Sando Mur**: Mathematician and Bellabeat’s cofounder; key member of the Bellabeat executive team
  * **Bellabeat marketing analytics team**: A team of data analysts responsible for collecting, analyzing, and reporting data that helps guide Bellabeat’s marketing strategy. You joined this team six months ago and have been busy learning about Bellabeat’’s mission and business goals — as well as how you, as a junior data analyst, can help Bellabeat achieve them.
* **Products**
  * **Bellabeat app**: The Bellabeat app provides users with health data related to their activity, sleep, stress, menstrual cycle, and mindfulness habits. This data can help users better understand their current habits and make healthy decisions. The Bellabeat app connects to their line of smart wellness products.
  * **Leaf**: Bellabeat’s classic wellness tracker can be worn as a bracelet, necklace, or clip. The Leaf tracker connects to the Bellabeat app to track activity, sleep, and stress.
  * **Time**: This wellness watch combines the timeless look of a classic timepiece with smart technology to track user activity, sleep, and stress. The Time watch connects to the Bellabeat app to provide you with insights into your daily wellness.
  * **Spring**: This is a water bottle that tracks daily water intake using smart technology to ensure that you are appropriately hydrated throughout the day. The Spring bottle connects to the Bellabeat app to track your hydration levels.
  * **Bellabeat membership**: Bellabeat also offers a subscription-based membership program for users. Membership gives users 24/7 access to fully personalized guidance on nutrition, activity, sleep, health and  beauty, and mindfulness based on their lifestyle and goals.
